to make a dal makhni we need one cup of
whole blood and less than quarter cup of
rajma soak this together for at least 6
hours
here I have Oregon in rajma which I
soaked it for 6 to 8 hours and now we
are going to put this in a pressure
cooker and cook it until 6 to 8 whistles
now I'm going to put this in a pressure
cooker and make sure if it's one cup of
a doll then you need it like
approximately 4 to 5 cups of water now
close the lid and I'm going to put for 5
to 6 vision we need 2 medium sized
tomatoes chopped 1 medium sized onion
chopped 1 tablespoon of ginger paste 1
tablespoon of garlic paste
half tablespoon of red chili powder 1
teaspoon of turmeric powder 1 tablespoon
of Danya jeera powder salt to taste and
1 tablespoon of dal makhni masala we
also need cilantro to garnish 2 tbsp of
butter or ghee I'm using D in 1 tbsp of
lightly crushed coriander seeds and 1
tbsp of cumin seeds now it's been seven
whistles I'm going to open this pressure
cooker by make sure it's completely
cooled off and releasing the excess
pressure as you can see it's all half
water and half dal so I'm going to blend
just a little so it we get the right
consistency is just like a dhow just a
quick blend you don't need to completely
blend there to completely melt see now
it's completely different than what we
had before now it's all incorporated the
green sea water any separate now heat a
pan and add butter or ghee
you're the ghee is hot so I'm going to
add
non thought there for three to four
minutes
I'm going to cover this for two minutes
it's been a minute and a half
now add ginger paste and garlic paste
so they for about another two minutes
now I'm going to add the chopped
tomatoes
now cover this for about two minutes now
take a bowl and add a few tsp of water
I'm going to mix all the spices in the
water near my doll book my masala red
chilli powder
the near zero powder and turmeric mix it
really does
people who mix the spices and water so
when I spice this doesn't get burn I'm
going to add this to the
keep stirring so it doesn't burn
and go at it for about two to three
minutes
two minutes
now the gravy is ready I'm going to add
the
and mix it really well
[Music]
and bring it to a boil
red salt
[Music]
now bring it to a boil
here my dal makhni is ready I'm going to
garnish it with cream
and I'm going to use some cilantro
enjoy it with paratha or naan alright